buell
never understood they are good for soccer andyman definitely yes
finished reading eranio milan inter nike air of midfield hair
cotonato arrivals light in the presence of the reinforced Lazio inter
yet in the end the accounts always come back for the devil who imposed the game with
long balls
and flows of a formidable basten fan as playmen
the truth is that the gases with and perhaps remained in the stands
that he appeared impotent against von wunster negri gucci
which is badly had problems to contain. and what gentlemen looked like an island -
the blue-white defense made of the barbine figures
and since the Rossoneri too has let itself be surprised several times
to ask if they have influenced the physical conditions of the individual item from
however, to discuss the very philosophy of the rearguard from today
terrified by the new rules that the penalties
existential problems that emerge on the occasion of almost everyone
who cleans up when he scores the first Rossoneri goal
certainly after he will do a seminar on the blue-white list
. opposing objects there is to be with open eyes
the nap is forbidden
and this French driver's license left with a hair dryer in the penalty area on the head of
Puglia
he will not think that the things he does that he had heard about impenetrability
all the Italian defenses were crap
the game seems over on the 2 to 0 about defense look like you
dress well that of the Milan by spectator 5
in short, everything could happen
also that the referee does not intend to rage with the expulsion on gregucci
that grabs before it really cracks will be the fans will suffice
on the occasion of the high penalties of 3 house high news from a long announcement of
alberti
the defender is replaced by a bono glass. immediately the brisk mines
with Dutch
red has pity atella too soft many
it doesn't burn but the burn gets on the bolide diffused acts and rekindles the
Lazio hopes on 3 to 2 the game reopens but closes immediately
the long ball of Bari made pedaling the fan of the opera bonomi
second second penalty from the Dutch
second doubt on the use of tags
gentlemen one is born but gunners one becomes
to defend the Rossoneri I assure nothing on the offside and there are 3 goals for Lazio
biancazzurro virtus makes foundation at 8 and there are those who wonder whether the Milan
it will still be said to have begun in Lazio
reds meanwhile shows his
the elegant trick
lentini offered in a 5 to 3 ball
with the fifth consecutive victory in Milan reached a height
40% unbeaten like the Florentine 55 56
eco hair at the microphone of amedeo
5 games 5 wins 20 with the fatma 10 suffered we hope to find the hair
in the Rossoneri egg
two goals conceded in matches and alarming for a league title from Milan, rome municipality
the fact that sometimes when
motorcycle assembly and transfers
the catchphrase of the drawing sun
we win everything today are all that.
thankfully arch
secure photo photo consultation via
photo
games of stylized men that must miracle to Lazio miracle is not there
state
there was no cable section
I have a tool obtained the fortress
open to the end is not really the case with milan como milan koji
with recognition of the face of the lecco 4 course with sub on tv it sells privee
in the same way on the accidents by succession of fibonacci
the tax assessment
in fact too sneak this